Introduction


Copy page

Composio is an integration and tooling platform built for AI agents and LLM applications that lets you:

Add tool-use capabilities to your AI agent from 300+ apps.
Give agents authenticated access to tools.
Listen and trigger agents and workflows from external events (e.g., new Slack message, GitHub issue).
Customize tools for proprietary APIs or specific functions.
Seamlessly integrate tool-calling into frameworks like OpenAI Agents, Vercel AI, LangChain, etc.
Refine tool interactions with input/output processing for greater reliability.
You get to connect your AI agents faster without wrestling with individual API integrations and managing their authentication or converting them into LLM tool calls.

We also optimise the tool calls for you for maximum accuracy, free of cost! 😉

Getting started
The fastest way to give your agent tools is with Composio — often with zero setup needed on your part. Just:

Install the core SDK (and a framework helper if needed):


Python

TypeScript

pip install composio_core composio_openai # Example for OpenAI
Login and get your API key:

composio login

(Ensure COMPOSIO_API_KEY is set as an environment variable)

Connect your first app (e.g., GitHub):

composio add github

…and you’re ready to integrate tools. Here’s what you can do next:

Head to the quickstart guide to learn more.
Browse our tools to see what you can integrate with.
Framework Integrations
Here are some popular frameworks that Composio supports:

OpenAI
Add 250+ tools to your Assistants API with automatic authentication handling and real-time function execution.

Vercel AI SDK
Turn your Vercel AI SDK agents into powerful workflows that interact with external services without managing API connections.

LangChain
Turn your LangChain agents into powerful workflows that interact with external services without managing API connections.

CrewAI
Build specialized CrewAI agent teams that collaborate using external tools and data sources to accomplish complex tasks.

All Frameworks
Check out all the frameworks.